Introduce HASH Status Package and Model (#1787)
hashintel/hash: libs/status/README.md

# HASH Status and Error Model

## Goals

A consistent structure and pattern for producing API-agnostic definitions of statuses and errors.

> - Services should be able to understand and handle error conditions of other service’s responses

Reviewer: nit: should this be the following?
```suggestion
- Services should be able to understand and handle error conditions of other services' responses
```

Author: It should be, thank you

Author: [Grammar](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/pull/1787/commits/31215c0ab7d069e6728eba81528eb9eee2f7c0ea)
